Genzeon Technology Solutions Pvt Ltd
Delivering next-generation technology services & solutions that are rooted in sound technical expertise. 

Genzeon is a dominant driver in next generation technology services & solutions and digital transformations. We empower our clients to adapt and be agile in an ever-evolving digital landscape. 

At Genzeon, we are more than just building next-gen customized applications; we’re more about actually feeling, respecting, hearing, and engaging in a meaningful dialogue with our clients.

Our empathetic culture is deeply embedded within our corporate business model, demonstrated in letter and spirit through multilateral touch points within the Genzeon family and outwardly with our clients and stakeholders.

As such, our solutions are the result of a conscious attempt to connect with our customers at every inch of their journey: online, at pain points, from cart to checkout, on the shelf, and at moments of truth. 

Our culture of empathy is woven into our organizational fabric, and our customized IT solutions are delivered on a relational and not transactional basis. Our knowledge extends beyond the basic “nuts and bolts” of technology.

Our technocrats understand the challenges and needs of the modern, competitive business landscape. With our expertise, our clients can transform their digital strategies to remain competitive and find success. We are foremost a technology company— but we are powered by our people. 

Only by building true, honest connections together can we achieve the highest success. In building true human connections, we can create honest accountability. We are expected to do as we say and expect the same of our peers and our partners. By building connections and being accountable for our actions, we can ultimately empower our network.

This empowerment fuels a virtuous cycle of commitment and excellence, driving continual improvement of ourselves, our relationships, and our outcomes.

60+ certifications completed by the integrations team. Zero cost to employees and the organization to complete certifications. 20 dedicated team members for the TIBCO team.

Venkat Thumula - Founder and Executive Chairman
As Founder and Executive Chairman of Genzeon, Venkat Thumula provides the vision and leadership to help realize our highest potential: for our employees, our company, and most importantly, our customers. He understands that creating maximum long-term value for our customers requires a combination of technical expertise, innovation, and a customer-centric approach founded on a solid understanding of their business domains. He has used this approach to build exceptional teams with deep technical and functional expertise in healthcare and retail management and make Genzeon a trusted business partner providing IT and digital transformation solutions.

Ilanko Kumaresan - CEO
Ilanko Kumaresan is the CEO of Genzeon and brings extensive experience as a proven business transformation leader in healthcare, including more than 30 years at McKinsey & Cognizant Technology Solutions, TCS, and Wipro. Most recently, he served as Senior Advisor at McKinsey & Co. He worked closely with CEOs of tech service companies that served healthcare, PE firms, and product companies, advising them on strategy & execution. Previously, he worked at Cognizant for 25 years in multiple different roles. During Ilanko's last role at Cognizant, he served as a member of the executive leadership team as SVP and Global Practice Leader for Enterprise Platforms & Apps. Prior to his SVP role he served as VP, Healthcare practice for 15 years. Ilanko built a $1b+ business unit across payers, providers, PBMS, TPA and healthcare product companies.

Vikram Pendli - CTO
Vikram Pendli is our Chief Technology Officer (CTO) for Genzeon. He is responsible for Genzeon's technology strategy and solution architecture initiatives. Vikram's primary focus is helping clients build a digital roadmap to transform their businesses. As an industry consultant, he has deep expertise in designing, developing, and architecting cloud solutions for Public Clouds (Azure and AWS) and Hybrid Clouds. He has complete exposure to Azure cloud services, including PaaS, laas, Storage, Business Analytics, Virtual Networking, Data Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, and Machine Learning.

Balakrishnan Shanmugham - Chief Delivery Officer
As Genzeon's Chief Delivery Officer, Bala provides leadership from strategic planning through execution to ensure consistent, high-quality delivery of services to our global clients. He oversees the end-to-end delivery process to ensure client satisfaction, drive strategic scale-up of our organization and foster an environment that encourages innovation, collaboration and excellence. Bala has an excellent track record spanning three decades in successful execution of all aspects of large scale IT delivery with consistent above-par customer satisfaction, operations excellence and talent development. Bala led the swift scaling up of AT&T Customer Technology India Development Center. Prior to that, he led talent supply chain consulting for Tech sector clients of EY India, headed Global Operations at Mindtree and was the Chief Operations Officer at Rage Communications which delivers digital marketing services. Prior to these roles, he spent 15 years at Cognizant, where he built multiple large high- performance delivery teams for key clients and transformed workforce management, learning & development capabilities across the globe before leading the global delivery for 2 key verticals: Information, Media & Entertainment and Communications. Bala started his career at Tata Consultancy Services where he started as a developer and spent 10 years managing the delivery of a large development programs. Bala holds a B.Tech degree from the Indian Institute of Technology, Madras and a Masters in Science from the University of Southern California, USA. He and his wife Indira, reside in Chennai.

Lolitha Bose - SVP, Operations & Transformation
Lolitha Bose is SVP of Operations and Transformation for Genzeon. Lolitha is responsible for developing the organization's long-term strategy and strategic planning and executing the highest impact cross-functional solutions that transform operations through technology, culture, and processes. Before joining Genzeon, Lolitha served as Product and Technology Operations leader at Greenway Health, where she drove operational efficiency and strengthened processes to improve the overall business outcomes. Lolitha strongly aligns her values with the Genzeon core values of Agility and Accountability.

Harsh Singh - GM-Healthcare
As the General Manager of Healthcare, Harsh is responsible for leading the Genzeon healthcare practice. Prior to Genzeon, Harsh has spent 20 years focused on removing inefficiency by utilizing technology, process and business model innovation in healthcare with leadership roles for Fortune 500 companies and SaaS startups, including Aetna, Anthem, and crankfrog. He is dedicated to creating value for our healthcare clients, driving ROI through technology and process innovation.

Mike Pietig - SVP, Digital Health & Strategy; GM - Privacy and Security
As SVP of Digital Health and Strategy, Mike is responsible for ensuring the Genzeon healthcare clients have the solutions they need to deliver exceptional experiences to their consumers. Mike has spent the last two decades of his career sharing his passion for healthcare with providers, payers, and other healthcare IT companies. He has worked with and held leadership roles at nationally recognized organizations including Cleveland Clinic, Hazelden Betty Ford and Leidos.

Prashant Krishnakumar - VP, Digital, Data, and AI Engineering
Prashant leads the Genzeon Intelligent Automation practice. He has 20+ years of experience as a technology leader with 18+ years in the healthcare industry. Prior to joining Genzeon, Prashant spent 15+ years at Anthem where he held multiple leadership roles including leading the Automation COE. Prashant has an MBA from Yale School of Management with a concentration in healthcare.

Avery Amaya - Vice President of Strategy & Growth, Retail
Avery Amaya is the Vice President of Strategy & Growth for retail at Genzeon, supporting digital transformation with some of the top retail brands in the world. His extensive experience in digital commerce and retail includes serving as Chief Revenue Officer at Workarea Commerce, VP of Operations and Marketing at KEE Action Sports, Vice President of Sales for VTEX, and Regional Vice President for Retail at OSF Digital. Avery has worked with many enterprise and mid-market brands, including URBN, Sleep Number, Reformation, World Market, James Avery Jewelers, Nasty Gal, The Bouqs, Lonely Planet, Costume SuperCenter, Cosmo Music, Ren's Pets, Woodcraft, Paragon Sports. Avery volunteers with several Philadelphia-area community groups, including the Drexel EMBA Alumni Board. He coaches wrestling and assists with Rose Tree Optimist Lacrosse Club and the non-profit Warhorse Lacrosse Club. He holds a B.A. in international affairs from the University of Northern Colorado and an E.M.B.A. from Drexel University has context menu.

Genzeon helps our clients turn raw data into precision medicine and operational efficiencies. Using data analytics and data science, we unlock data in siloed clinical systems and transform it into powerful insights to improve clinical care, streamline operations and reduce costs. Genzeon has helped clients better leverage investments in clinical and operational systems. By developing scalable analytics solutions from dashboards for critical operational metrics through sophisticated machine-learning platforms, we can identify hidden insights that lead to improved care and reduced costs.

Big Data, Data Analytics, and Data Science
Genzeon develops dashboards and rapid BI solutions tailored to your organization for standard analytics, such as monitoring of clinical and operational KPIs. For more complex needs, we provide experts in healthcare data science to develop statistical models and machine learning tools to uncover deeper insights.

Cognitive Services
Genzeon develops cognitive service (chatbot) applications to assist our clients in improving patient and member satisfaction by addressing common questions and issues. This frees your staff to focus on more complex interactions, reducing costs and enabling your clients to scale and respond quickly during times of peak demand.

Data Management
Genzeon supports a range of data management services in addition to advanced data analytics capabilities. This includes data collection from multiple sources, transformation to standardized formats, and secure data storage in scalable environments.

Population Health